1. Currently after pressing the 🔄 button all the blocks lose their position. Instead of that I want some way to lock the block position of the blocks. 🔄button shouldn't be able to unlock them. Only the blocks which are not fixed should have to get free with 🔄 button.

The block positions which are locked should have to be altered only with "Shift+Drag" along with its children.

2. Currently the delete node button is not working in the app as shown in the attached image. Also Whenever I add new child the block positions which I fix get disturbed after it.

3. I want a undo button which can revert back my block positions if I disturb them by mistake.

4. I want app admin mode where the tree will be only visible to the users with visible options like,
a. Assembly dropdown
b. Levels
c. color
d. Export options

The more advanced options like Layout, 🔄, ➕, ➖, 💾 Save buttons should be visible to me only. Which will be accessible with my google account I provide. No should be able to login except my unique email address.





XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX






I can add Child with option "Add child" but I cant delete any block after right click.



To resolve it I want a option to lock the block position. Once locked that block will move only when its parent moved. The position of the child block and parent block should be fixed after locked.











XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Want the implementation of the logic, 










XXXXXXXXXXXXXX

I want a universal chatbot which will be adaptable to the database input I will give to it.


I should have been able generate new block inside my database, check status of tasks inside my database with question. Should be able to change the status of tasks inside my database. If there will be any reason bcz of which I can't work on any task I should have been able to write the note for reason bcz of which the task to be kept on hold.

I'm still now sure how I can add a child to perticular parent using this chatbot. So keep this point on hold. We will discuss it while creating the chatbot.


